Fri Jul  4 02:31:54 AM -03 2025

Log for c on 2025-07-04


Observed some code, for a C gui which uses an api through http requests to identify genre of peoples names.

Scanned the code and visualized execution, and detected bugs that verified.
It felt good with my ability to understand the code, and I think that reading code is an essential part of learning, because you become more fluent at reading it, and you exposed yourself to programs, how they are structured, and you can also see what good code looks like.

I plan to build projects by walking through them, build an os with jonas birch's playlist, while refreshing my mind on low level fundamentals.

I have to erradicate distractoins like gaming, youtube, discord etc.

I have to note all the time and energy sinks and remove them ASAP, and creating a lot of friction for distractions, and only having productive stuff at my disposal; pdf's, downloaded yt videos, math textbooks, etc. 
Perhaps even removing the internet or limiting it in some way, truly limiting my options to those mentioned above, or doing nothing at all.

To truly improve i have to move within the coding environment, which means getting hands on into projects, seeing code, reading code, debugging code, building, and repeating.
Going over all the things i know i have to learn, and engaging in projects of low level stuff and so on, and dwell in that world, move through it daily, for hours, and if i am not there, then i shall be doing nothing, meditating, outside, the gym or cooking something, anything except time sinks, or any unproductive thing in the computer.

No longer having internet connectoin can be a positive scenario, I could get a better phone plan, and if i need resources i can go to some public wifi use a vpn and download youtube videos and such. 

I really do need to force myself to that, i have a chatgpt research on how to overcome these addictions, and the plan is already in motion.
I will start with time reduction with scheduled blocks and then reduce the allowance, and then cut it off completely.

Goal is to literally limit myself to study material or nothing/meditation etc. 
Tomorrow I will review the plan and information on how to carry this forwards, and I will make the next move in the plan.
I should set some reminder to read and log journal entries, and keep track of the progress, and eventually reach and remain in the desired state.
